Release Notes for 0.6.4 (#5543)
hyperledger-labs/splice: docs/src/release_notes.rst

.. _release_notes:

.. release-notes:: 0.6.4

    - Wallet & CNS UIs

      - The wallet and CNS UIs now support optionally configuring the requested OAuth token scope, to support IAM providers that require doing so.

    - Scan UI

>       - Bring back the governance page that was removed in release 0.5.18.

Reviewer: Maybe join this with the `Scan` section below?

Author: I think I prefer not. The one below is about endpoints that are not in the UI, this one is about a pure UI change (the endpoints were actually never removed).

        will still work but be slightly slower due to extra
        reconnects.

    - SV deployment

      - Splice Info endpoint now includes ``/runtime/status.json`` which provides status of core components (sv, scan and mediator at this moment) refreshed
        every 60 seconds. ``splice-info`` helm chart now requires ``runtimeDetails.migrationId`` to be specified.

    - Scan

      - The app activity records computation has been modified to exclude the transactions submitted by SVs,
        as the SVs don't burn traffic and transactions submitted by them should not generate
        traffic-based app rewards as specified in CIP-0104.

        The data provided by the experimental ``app_activity_records`` field of ``GET /v0/events/{update-id}``
        and ``POST /v0/events`` endpoints prior to this release may have attributed app-activity to
        SV submitted transactions, and such app activity records should be considered incorrect.
        App activity records data provided for other transactions is valid.

        The ``app_activity_record_store`` table has been truncated to remove the records computed with the earlier logic,

>         and both the endpoints will not provide ``app_activity_records`` for events prior to this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Neither endpoint will provide ``app_activity_records`` for events prior to this release.
        Internally, the ``app_activity_record_store`` table will be truncated to remove the records computed with the earlier logic on initial launch.
```
